# Welcome to Subletr!

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## How to run subletr

To run subletr locally, you must cd into the subletr-reactapp directory, and run the following commands:

### `npm install`

This will install all the required modules for subletr

### `npm start`

This will start the application at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), where you can browse the application!



## API

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [App][1]
*   [CurrentHeader][2]
*   [HeaderComponent][3]
*   [HeaderComponent][4]
*   [toggleFilter][5]
*   [toggleFilter][6]
*   [IconBreadcrumbs][7]
*   [FilterComponent][8]
    *   [Parameters][9]
*   [HomePage][10]
*   [handleViewMore][11]
*   [handleListingClick][12]
    *   [Parameters][13]
*   [handleListingClick][14]
    *   [Parameters][15]
*   [handleFilterChange][16]
    *   [Parameters][17]
*   [displayListing][18]
    *   [Parameters][19]
*   [Listing][20]
    *   [Parameters][21]
*   [handleLikeToggle][22]
    *   [Parameters][23]
*   [CreateListing][24]
*   [steps][25]
*   [Form][26]
    *   [Parameters][27]
*   [handleBack][28]
*   [handleSubmitFinal][29]
*   [formContent][30]
    *   [Parameters][31]
*   [Profile][32]
*   [MyListings][33]
*   [handleDelete][34]
    *   [Parameters][35]
*   [RentalHistory][36]
*   [DetailedListing][37]
*   [ImageQuoteCarousel][38]
    *   [Parameters][39]
*   [ListingHeading][40]
    *   [Parameters][41]
*   [ChipArray][42]
    *   [Parameters][43]
*   [TwoColumnLayout][44]
    *   [Parameters][45]
*   [ManageListing][46]
*   [MoreInfo][47]
    *   [Parameters][48]
*   [GOOGLE\_MAPS\_API\_KEY][49]
*   [autocompleteService][50]
*   [loadScript][51]
    *   [Parameters][52]
*   [BasicInfo][53]
    *   [Parameters][54]
*   [FeatureInfo][55]
    *   [Parameters][56]
*   [FeatureInfo][57]
    *   [Parameters][58]
*   [generateFlashyDescription][59]
*   [convertToBase64][60]
    *   [Parameters][61]
*   [handleFileUpload][62]
    *   [Parameters][63]
*   [handleImageDelete][64]
    *   [Parameters][65]
*   [BlankBox][66]
    *   [Parameters][67]
*   [ReviewInfo][68]
    *   [Parameters][69]
*   [ListingsContext][70]
*   [ListingsProvider][71]
    *   [Parameters][72]
*   [logoutCustomer][73]
*   [getUserListings][74]
    *   [Parameters][75]
*   [getListings][76]
*   [getViewedListings][77]
    *   [Parameters][78]
*   [getRentalHistory][79]
    *   [Parameters][80]
*   [callFavoriteListing][81]
    *   [Parameters][82]
*   [isLoggedIn][83]
*   [createListing][84]
    *   [Parameters][85]
*   [rentAndStartPayingForListing][86]
    *   [Parameters][87]
*   [deletelisting][88]
    *   [Parameters][89]
*   [editListing][90]
    *   [Parameters][91]
*   [callSendMessage][92]
    *   [Parameters][93]
*   [callGetConversations][94]
    *   [Parameters][95]
*   [getCustomerDocument][96]
*   [callGetMessages][97]
    *   [Parameters][98]
*   [UserContext][99]
*   [UserProvider][100]
    *   [Parameters][101]

## App

The root component of the application, responsible for rendering different routes and managing user context.

Returns **JSX.element** The JSX to be rendered.

## CurrentHeader

Component that renders the appropriate header based on the current URL path.
If the path starts with "/listings/create/", or matches "/testing" or "/profile",
it renders the HeaderNoSearch component. Otherwise, it renders the Header component.

## HeaderComponent

The component that displays the header section for the home listings page.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the HeaderComponent.

## HeaderComponent

The HeaderComponent component.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the HeaderComponent.

## toggleFilter

Toggles the filter visibility.

## toggleFilter

Toggles the filter visibility.

## IconBreadcrumbs

The component that displays the breadcrumbs.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the IconBreadcrumbs component.

## FilterComponent

The component that displays the filter options.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.handleFilterChange` **[Function][103]** The function to call when the filter changes.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the FilterComponent.

## HomePage

The HomePage component for the application's home page.
Displays listings and provides filtering options.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the HomePage component.

## handleViewMore

Handles the "View More" button click.
Increases the number of displayed listings.

## handleListingClick

Handles the click event on a listing to navigate to the detailed listing page.

### Parameters

*   `listing_id` **[string][104]** The ID of the clicked listing.

## handleListingClick

Handles the click event when a listing is clicked.
Navigates to the detailed view of the clicked listing.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the clicked listing.

## handleFilterChange

Handles the change event in the filter component and filters the listings accordingly.

### Parameters

*   `accommodationType` **[string][104]** The selected accommodation type.
*   `amenities` **[Array][105]<[string][104]>** The selected amenities.
*   `spots` **[number][106]** The selected number of spots.
*   `rentRange` **[Array][105]<[number][106]>** The selected rent range.

## displayListing

Determines whether a listing should be displayed based on the filter criteria.

### Parameters

*   `listing` **[object][102]** The listing object.

Returns **[boolean][107]** `true` if the listing should be displayed, `false` otherwise.

## Listing

The Listing component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.data` **[object][102]** The data object that represents a listing.
    *   `props.onClick` **[Function][103]** The function called when the listing is clicked.
    *   `props.favoriteMode` **[number][106]** The favorite mode for the listing. (optional, default `0`)
    *   `props.handleDelete` **[Function][103]** The function called when the listing delete is clicked. (optional, default `null`)

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the Listing component.

## handleLikeToggle

Handles toggling the like status of the listing.

### Parameters

*   `e` **[Event][108]** The click event.

## CreateListing

The CreateListing component.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the CreateListing component.

## steps

The steps of the form.

Type: [array][105]

## Form

The component that displays the form for creating a listing.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the Form component.

## handleBack

Handles going back to the previous step.

## handleSubmitFinal

Handles submitting the final form.

## formContent

Returns the JSX element for the form content based on the current step.

### Parameters

*   `step` **[number][106]** The current step index.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the form content.

## Profile

The Profile component.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the Profile component.

## MyListings

The component that displays the user's listings.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the MyListings component.

## handleDelete

Handles the delete event when a listing is deleted.
Calls the deleteListing function to delete the listing.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the listing to delete.

## RentalHistory

The RentalHistory component.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the RentalHistory component.

## DetailedListing

The component that displays the detailed view of a listing.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the DetailedListing component.

## ImageQuoteCarousel

The component that displays the image quote carousel for the listing page.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.images` **[Array][105]<[string][104]>** The array of image URLs.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ImageQuoteCarousel component.

## ListingHeading

The ListingHeading component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.title` **[string][104]** The title of the listing.
    *   `props.rent` **[number][106]** The rent of the listing.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ListingHeading component.

## ChipArray

The ChipArray component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.items` **[Array][105]<[string][104]>** The array of items for the chips.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ChipArray component.

## TwoColumnLayout

The component that displays the two-column layout.

### Parameters

*   `description` **[string][104]** The description to display in the left column.
*   `biography` **[string][104]** The biography to display in the right column.
*   `startDate` **[string][104]** The start date of the stay.
*   `endDate` **[string][104]** The end date of the stay.
*   `owner` **[string][104]** The owner of the stay.
*   `onReserve` **[Function][103]** The function to call when the "Reserve your spot" button is clicked.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the TwoColumnLayout component.

## ManageListing

The ManageListing component. Allows for editing your listings.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ManageListing component.

## MoreInfo

The MoreInfo component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.formik` **[object][102]** The Formik object for form management.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the MoreInfo component.

## GOOGLE\_MAPS\_API\_KEY

The Google Maps API key.

Type: [string][104]

## autocompleteService

The current instance of the autocomplete service.

## loadScript

Loads a script dynamically.

### Parameters

*   `src` **[string][104]** The source URL of the script.
*   `position` **[Element][109]** The position where the script should be inserted.
*   `id` **[string][104]** The ID attribute for the script element.

## BasicInfo

The component that displays the basic information of the listing.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the BasicInfo component.

## FeatureInfo

The FeatureInfo component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.formik` **[object][102]** The Formik object for form management.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the FeatureInfo component.

## FeatureInfo

Component for displaying additional feature information.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.formik` **[object][102]** The Formik object for form management.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the FeatureInfo component.

## generateFlashyDescription

Generates a flashy description for the place by calling the OpenAI backend route.

Returns **[Promise][110]** A promise that resolves when the description is generated.

## convertToBase64

Converts a file to base64 data encoding.

### Parameters

*   `file` **File** The file to convert.

Returns **[Promise][110]<[string][104]>** A promise that resolves with the base64 encoded data of the file.

## handleFileUpload

Handles the file upload event.

### Parameters

*   `e` **[Event][108]** The file upload event.

## handleImageDelete

Handles the deletion of an image from the images array.

### Parameters

*   `i` **[number][106]** The index of the image to delete.

## BlankBox

The BlankBox component.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.label` **[string][104]** The label for the box.
    *   `props.labelStyle` **[object][102]** The styles for the label.
    *   `props.contents` **React.ReactNode** The contents of the box.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the BlankBox component.

## ReviewInfo

The ReviewInfo component, final page of the Create Listing form.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.formik` **[object][102]** The Formik object for form management.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ReviewInfo component.

## ListingsContext

The context for managing listings.

Type: React.Context

## ListingsProvider

The provider component for the ListingsContext.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.children` **React.ReactNode** The child components wrapped by the provider.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the ListingsProvider component.

## logoutCustomer

Logs out the customer.

Returns **[Promise][110]<[boolean][107]>** A promise that resolves to true if the logout is successful, false otherwise.

## getUserListings

Gets the listings associated with a user.

### Parameters

*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **[Promise][110]<(`false` | [array][105])>** A promise that resolves to an array of listings if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## getListings

Gets all the listings.

Returns **[Promise][110]<([array][105] | `false`)>** A promise that resolves to an array of all listings if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## getViewedListings

Gets the listings favorited by a user.

### Parameters

*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **[Promise][110]<([array][105] | `false`)>** A promise that resolves to an array of favorited listings if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## getRentalHistory

Gets the rental history of a user.

### Parameters

*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **[Promise][110]<([array][105] | `false`)>** A promise that resolves to an array of rental history if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## callFavoriteListing

Calls the API to favorite a listing for a user.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the listing.
*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the response object if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## isLoggedIn

Checks if the customer is currently logged in.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the login status (true if logged in, false otherwise)
or false if there was an error.

## createListing

Creates a new listing.

### Parameters

*   `data` **[object][102]** The listing data.
*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the created listing if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## rentAndStartPayingForListing

Rents a listing and starts paying for it.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the listing.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## deletelisting

Deletes a listing.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the listing to delete.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## editListing

Edits a listing.

### Parameters

*   `listingId` **[string][104]** The ID of the listing to edit.
*   `listingData` **[object][102]** The updated listing data.

Returns **([Promise][110] | void)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
otherwise, the function does not return anything.

## callSendMessage

Calls the API to send a message.

### Parameters

*   `data` **[object][102]** The message data.
*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## callGetConversations

Calls the API to get conversations.

### Parameters

*   `userId` **[string][104]** The ID of the user.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## getCustomerDocument

Gets the customer document.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the document if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## callGetMessages

Calls the API to get messages.

### Parameters

*   `conversationId` **[string][104]** The ID of the conversation.

Returns **([Promise][110] | `false`)** A promise that resolves with the data if successful,
or false if there was an error.

## UserContext

The context for managing user-related data and functionality.

Type: React.Context

## UserProvider

The provider component for the UserContext.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[object][102]** The component props.

    *   `props.children` **React.ReactNode** The child components wrapped by the provider.

Returns **JSX.Element** The JSX element representing the UserProvider component.

[1]: #app

[2]: #currentheader

[3]: #headercomponent

[4]: #headercomponent-1

[5]: #togglefilter

[6]: #togglefilter-1

[7]: #iconbreadcrumbs

[8]: #filtercomponent

[9]: #parameters

[10]: #homepage

[11]: #handleviewmore

[12]: #handlelistingclick

[13]: #parameters-1

[14]: #handlelistingclick-1

[15]: #parameters-2

[16]: #handlefilterchange

[17]: #parameters-3

[18]: #displaylisting

[19]: #parameters-4

[20]: #listing

[21]: #parameters-5

[22]: #handleliketoggle

[23]: #parameters-6

[24]: #createlisting

[25]: #steps

[26]: #form

[27]: #parameters-7

[28]: #handleback

[29]: #handlesubmitfinal

[30]: #formcontent

[31]: #parameters-8

[32]: #profile

[33]: #mylistings

[34]: #handledelete

[35]: #parameters-9

[36]: #rentalhistory

[37]: #detailedlisting

[38]: #imagequotecarousel

[39]: #parameters-10

[40]: #listingheading

[41]: #parameters-11

[42]: #chiparray

[43]: #parameters-12

[44]: #twocolumnlayout

[45]: #parameters-13

[46]: #managelisting

[47]: #moreinfo

[48]: #parameters-14

[49]: #google_maps_api_key

[50]: #autocompleteservice

[51]: #loadscript

[52]: #parameters-15

[53]: #basicinfo

[54]: #parameters-16

[55]: #featureinfo

[56]: #parameters-17

[57]: #featureinfo-1

[58]: #parameters-18

[59]: #generateflashydescription

[60]: #converttobase64

[61]: #parameters-19

[62]: #handlefileupload

[63]: #parameters-20

[64]: #handleimagedelete

[65]: #parameters-21

[66]: #blankbox

[67]: #parameters-22

[68]: #reviewinfo

[69]: #parameters-23

[70]: #listingscontext

[71]: #listingsprovider

[72]: #parameters-24

[73]: #logoutcustomer

[74]: #getuserlistings

[75]: #parameters-25

[76]: #getlistings

[77]: #getviewedlistings

[78]: #parameters-26

[79]: #getrentalhistory

[80]: #parameters-27

[81]: #callfavoritelisting

[82]: #parameters-28

[83]: #isloggedin

[84]: #createlisting-1

[85]: #parameters-29

[86]: #rentandstartpayingforlisting

[87]: #parameters-30

[88]: #deletelisting

[89]: #parameters-31

[90]: #editlisting

[91]: #parameters-32

[92]: #callsendmessage

[93]: #parameters-33

[94]: #callgetconversations

[95]: #parameters-34

[96]: #getcustomerdocument

[97]: #callgetmessages

[98]: #parameters-35

[99]: #usercontext

[100]: #userprovider

[101]: #parameters-36

[102]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[103]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[104]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[105]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[106]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[107]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[108]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Event

[109]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Element

[110]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise